good evening and welcome here
to our media discussion after our
dfb-cup-eighth-final home game against
the first fsv mainz 05 very special
Of course I welcome our guests
Rheinhessen manager christian heidel and
coach thomas tuchel me too
right next to his commentary on the game
Thank you, thank you
the initial situation was clear the
possibility today our very good
Round off to crown dick too
to put exclamation points underscore
it is in the cup alone about the result we
We knew that personally and also
are vigorously at the stop and knew
the severity of the task here schalke
then we have to insist
decided to flat in the 4-4-2 today
play and a first first half
played very well defended very well
still tactically defended well and it
It became more and more difficult for us
Schalke in the second half of the gate
to prevent and prevent opportunities
then deservedly have mine
also accept the compensation
need and an extraordinary answer
had very effective today
scored a beautiful goal and one
answer the gate was not so in the air
and tell us what we did today
in an extraordinary way
rewarded with an incredible
team spirit with a will to
spending with passion and
with heart and have us too
rewards many many away games for many
in this round of the we that
had a look though we clearly
had more game shares though we did
were dominant
today it was the other way round and that is
of course, especially in the cup
decisive
that is why we are very very happy and
I am very proud of the team
be many potatoes jens cellar
comment on the game
I think in the first half had
we are uncertain of my team
seen that the last few weeks are not so
have gone round
we did not make it to the front
conz torchancen rauszuspielen pressure on
but I think we have
also little approved in the rear
It has nevertheless been compact
the workers against the ball one has the
guys, they definitely want to
but they have a certain
uncertainty and admiration
immediately punished with a mistake from us
to 1 0 and all the more surprising or
the more enthusiastic I was then take
The ones who have come out the outside are always the ones
second half have started
until thomas kratsch and said enormous
pressure to be developed and numerous
played out and I believe
not that mainz more than twice in the
second half before our goal came
is and therefore it is natural for us
it was disappointing that we did not
have progressed
but I can not do the team
make an accusation
who brought out everything from himself and
when thomas says they look for you
long preliminary are tired
I think with the English weeks the
the team has already had again
impressive as they are in the second
halfway to its limits
and absolutely wanted to win the game
and after 1 1, I was sure that
we've done the thing and now
that we are still in the regular time
play for us
then we have made since the second error
in the game and slept there and there
Unfortunately, unfortunately, the gate fell
and then we do not have those anymore
morals in the boys still everything
have tried to turn the game and
to come back again
but unfortunately they do not have it anymore
made
thank you in return for your questions
jens keller and thomas or may
I briefly ask the hand signal
all already woman christmas mood then
I have timo müller
how do you have the scene with you ?
experienced jermaine jones and what is there
exactly occurred
yes, I was so terribly frightened
about the foul looking bad
from my perspective in the theater i
have me as I said really very
scared and I was sure that
The marco may even be injured
is badly hurt and got me
startled by the way of the
I'll ful and be in for the year
the reaction went there
Germain has been there several times
sorry to marco and i'm too
he said he wanted to go
both wanted to get him apart
push away and pushed him away
and said he does not need
apologize if he enters before
and from this has a word fight
relax in that but nobody
was insulting and nothing bad
was said
it was just back and forth and there
Referee then has to me
said that he has no choice I
have to enter the field and that it
not allowed me and therefore he has to
send me to the tribune
that story
heiko bushman here to the left
Mr. Keller was able to do something
injury by julian draxler
No, we have to wait until tomorrow
until pictures are taken
any problems on the knee but exactly
we can not say what he has yet
Of course I hope that to the
not only excrete a serious
injury of julian to come
yet we are staffed of course
not so bedded on roses at the moment
and if he will be longer
Of course not optimal for us
philipp selldorf up here
Mr. Keller, you have an explanation for
the 21 I still do not's
watched
I just heard that we were behind
have slept so naturally
not happen
Meanwhile , emotions leave ten seconds
there we have to go
depth graduation have better
you have to clear the ball because the must
stand up better
but I will have a look again
I'll do it in the new year
times with the team work up
so
That was the last question in the calendar year
2012 ok then I may use now briefly
to everyone present named fc schalke 04
Of course, to wish you a nice holidays
a happy New Year
we'll all meet again in the new one
year here with the order to
Bundesliga home game against Hannover 96
must especially rejoice
town hall stiepelmann and behrendt because
they still have the last round at
journalists have won tippspiel
also mainz 05 tapped it now
have come congratulations
to
In all, as I said beautiful holidays
a happy New Year